Add mentioned to the CDN URL dependency (#127612)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/extension-bundles.md

- When possible, you should set a `version` range value in `host.json` from the preceding table, such as `[4.0.0, 5.0.0)`, instead of defining a custom range.
- Use the latest version range to obtain optimal app performance and access to the latest features.
- In the unlikely event that you can't use an extension bundle, you must instead [explicitly install extensions](./functions-bindings-register.md#explicitly-install-extensions).

> - Some versions of the extension bundles are available on Azure Function App instances. However, if the required version is not present, the system will attempt to download it from the `cdn.functions.azure.com` endpoint. Therefore, it is advised to allow access to this endpoint through your firewall.

Reviewer: Can we word this a little differently?
```suggestion
- When updating the extensions used by a deployed app, Functions downloads new extension versions from the `cdn.functions.azure.com` endpoint. For extension updates to succeed, the `cdn.functions.azure.com` endpoint must be accessible to your function app. 
```

Reviewer 2: @ffarinha-msft  - Can you respond to the requested changes or let us know if you would like us to commit them?

@ggailey777  - When the changes are ready for publication, adding a `#sign-off` comment is the best way to signal that the PR is ready for the review team to merge. 

#label:"aq-pr-triaged"
@MicrosoftDocs/public-repo-pr-review-team
